The Joe Rogan experience. And I did that for like three years, like chasing it,
going to try outs, things like that,
sending tapes stuff to agents and things like that.
And it just didn't pan out nothing stuck. You know,
I had opportunities that I just wasn't the same player and I can admit that.
And I'm comfortable with that because I know I had a successful basketball
career. Just didn't go to the level where I made millions of dollars.
So after that, man, I was literally stuck after traveling around the world.
I ended up in Malaysia,
I was in Australia trying to pursue you don't want to know how I ended up over
here. Know.
Man, this is one of the only a few.
People know this story. So.
When.
You at your bottom, you try to find something for comfort.
I've never done weed or anything in my life,
but I was addicted to like online data back then. Yes.
I was like trying to meet girls, like just to try to find her some situation.
I felt like, oh, I feel incomplete. So let me like online date or whatever.
And I met this girl,
like one of my friends in Phoenix played basketball in Kuala Lumpur.
So obviously you need a visa to go over there. So I'm thinking to myself,
like what's the, the,
the way I could get over there to Kuala Lumpur and try to play basketball.
So I was like online.
Dating. I don't even remember what website. You're a good looking guy.
I know how you not getting girls in America. I do.
I'm just saying I was just listen. My whole point. My point was,
I literally met this girl in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. She was from Canada.
She was a singer over there singing in little military bars or whatever,
little hot blonde or whatever she was. And um,
I remember talking to her for about a month and I convinced her that I wanted to
come visit her, but my whole intention was, let me get over there.
Try to find out what this team is and see if I could like try out for him some
crazy. You don't do that today. I did it back then.
So I went over there to laugh because I know people that know me is
dying. Listen to this right now. This is a true 100% store.
I get over there to Malaysia with no money.
I may have $400. I got people to pay for ticket here.
I'm going to Malaysia to play basketball. This is lying to people, right?
So I get over there. This girl, I don't even want to say her name.
She might Sue me, but she picked me up at the airport.
She looked exactly like her pitches, beautiful from Canada, everything.
So she takes me to her apartment. She got this nice apartment.
It was like in a jungle Cho, like I'm talking about the balcony.
I seen like little monkeys on the balcony. Yes, it was crazy.
And then it's like a rainforest. Right? And then in Malaysia,
if you ever been in a Malaysia, I don't know if it was like there.
Now the doors are high off the ground, like two inches. So it's like,
anything can crawl under the doors or whatever.
So that's the first thing I noticed when I got to Malaysia, I was like,
this is some crazy. Right? We're in a jungle and adult.
Like what about snakes or bugs? I remember asking him these little kids,
when I first got to Malaysia, I was like, have you ever seen a snake?
Like in this area? And it was like, yeah, I seen the Cobra and all this stuff.
And I was just like, holy. But the back to her,
she turned out to be a sex addict.
Yes. Congratulations.
Man. Listen, yo, this.
Is crazy. Like, because this is way before I ever decided to say,
I'm going to do film for a living. Right. I was over there.
Um, the first day I got there, like I had a good time with her. Then I,
you know,
ended up having relations with the lady and she turned out to be a sex addict.
So, you know, as a man,
I just flew all the way across the world to see this girl, you sleep with her.
And then all of a sudden she wanted to do it again and again and again.
And then when you like slow down, like, you know, I just got here, bro.
She started crying and going nuts and I'm in Malaysia. I'm like,
I don't know who this girl is. Oh.
No, listen, she's crying. Cause you won't her. Guess how many times you her now?
Two times. And she wanted to go.
To long time. Still. Like it was crazy. I am, listen.
I am in Malaysia. This I'm not in America. I'm in Malaysia.
So the crazy thing is probably after a week,
she started to go crazy and complain about I'm not sleeping with her.
I'm I'm in my, I'm in my prime, my sexual peak.
And you don't want to sleep with me. And I'm just thinking to myself, like,
I don't know what the am I doing over here in Malaysia? Like what? This lady?
So I ended up meeting this black guy, uh, that she introduced me to,
there was like a hustler in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia.
And I started hanging out with him just to get out of the house.
And he's like living with.
Any money to go home. So I'm just stuck with this.
Beautiful girl that you have to all the time.
First of world problems. Right. Serious first.
And then she started getting even better. Like I hate Americans.
You Americans are so ungrateful and all I'm just thinking like.
Wow, you're representing America. It was.
Crazy. I was like, I must've just didn't do a good enough.
I thought our girls be lined in. Right.
Well maybe she was just extraordinary.
And she was like in her late thirties and I was in my early twenties.
So some girls in their late thirties, they hit this itchy peak man,
just like all the time. She.
Kicked me out her house in Malaysia. Like I went out with Bobby one night,
this dude, his name was Bobby too. And um,
w I came home and she said, um, your stuff is outside. Like she texted me.
I had a little international phone. She was like, your stuff is outside.
I'm thinking like, she was like, yeah, this is not working out.
So think about that. Imagine being in another country,
and this is not working out, no money, no money, zero, not a dime.
And I, the guy that I was with, I told him what happened. He was like,
I'm gonna take you over there to get your stuff.
You could stay with me until you figure it out. I get there.
And all my stuff is outside. Everything. She's not there.
She's done left or whatever. And I had some brand new Timberlands.
Remember the boots, tablets. I am poor. I need them Timberlands.
They in a house. I had more on brand new. So I kicked the door down. Boom.
Oh no. Yes. Like I was trying to get in the door.
I just kicked it and it broke like the little handle bro.
I got in and got my Timberlands left. I remember she texted me. She was like,
Hey, did you break my door? I was like, nah,
I don't know what you're talking about. I just left. So from there I was,
I stayed with Bobby for like three weeks in Malaysia.
I was hanging out with him everyday, going to parties. And I'm like, bro,
I gotta get home to America. So I contacted my, one of my, uh,
mentors growing up, uh, in Australia,
he was playing pro professional basketball and Melbourne named Rashad,
Tucker shout out to him.
And I convinced him to get me a ticket to come over to Melbourne because I was
like, bro, I need some money to go home. And he was like, nah, man,
I just get you a ticket to come to Melbourne. I was like, bro,
literally like I I'm trying to go back to America. I don't know what to,
but then when he, he sold me on, I was like,
I really ain't going back to nothing. So let me go. He was like, man,
you can come over here and try out for the team.
You can try to practice with us. And I was like, oh,
that may be my opportunity to play professional basketball.
He's one of the top players in Australia.
So I ended up in Melbourne and I was in Melbourne for three months.
Not doing, but going out, practicing with the team. This was mid season.
So I couldn't like make a team because they was already, you know, they think,
and then I ended up getting stranded over there too,
because he left me cause he cheated on his girlfriend and uh,
he had to go make up with her. So he left me talking about I'm going to be back.
And then I was just stuck in Australia like yo bro,
I need to get back to America job. No job, no money, nothing. He was like,
uh, I'm glad I was young. When I did all this stuff, he was like, Hey man,
tell her, tell one of them girls, a sob story. They'll get you.
I'm like a sob story, bro. You have money. Buy me a ticket to go home, man.
I can't do it right now. I'm like, man. So I had to tell this girl a sob story.
Her name was Deanna, Deanna Casar.
I'm giving her a shout out because she saved my life.
She bought me a ticket home. She,
she went in her savings and bought me a ticket back from Melbourne to ho
Honolulu to Las Vegas. And um,
I didn't know why I chose Las Vegas, but I just chose. I go to Las.
Vegas. So you literally has zero money.
Zero Morrow. How were you eating?
Her people that I was around. Right. They just fed you. Yeah.
Man. Sometimes you have angels in your life.
And I guess these people were angels to cause that's what I was just telling
Jamie, like I just seen a documentary on homelessness.
It was like four out of five people in LA county paycheck to paycheck.
I think it was like eight. Like, or it's four out of five. People are like one,
$400 emergency from being broke or it was like 80% of people live paycheck to
paycheck. So I always tell people like when I'm inspiring people now I'm like,
bro, I was homeless once. Cause that's essentially homelessness.
If you ain't got an address, you can't pay bills. You're homeless.
No matter if you got a roof over your head. And I feel, I feel like people,
you see all these beautiful moments that I do now or what anybody does
does. And they don't see the story that ultimately led you. Like what,
what ultimately turn to you doing what you're doing now.
So after Australia I went to Vegas. I was living with two strippers.
Yes. I live with two strippers. Again,
I'll live in Vegas with two strippers that worked at the rhino,
the spearmint rhino. I met them on Craigslist.
For rooms to rent Jesus Christ.
And I had enough money, like $600 to move into a room.
So I literally moved in with these girls.
And one day, have you ever been in a Vegas casinos?
Cause this is like the climax you ever seen? Like the mega bucks slots.
So one day it was Floyd Mayweather vs. Oscar de LA Hoya.
So that was the year I was in the,
the Mirage and I seen these two hot black girls and I had like some money in
my pocket, honey, this, um, so I wanted to sit down next to him.
So I went over there and sat next to him and was just trying to shoot the.
And I put a $20 in on the slots. Cause you know,
you can get free drinks if you put in a slot. So I just hitting it,
talking to him where y'all from, y'all going into fight, blah, blah, blah.
And then one of the girls was like, Hey you won. I was like, oh, okay. You know,
are you thinking ain't winning no slots. Guess how much I want? How much?
$9,000. Whoa. Swear to God. $9,000 to somebody broke.
Wow. Yes. $9,000. So.
When they give you that, do you pay taxes on it later?
Or the game or on social security number though? You give them the wrong. So
I gave him the wrong thing. Yeah.
Because they just actually your name, your social security number. Okay.
Maybe you shouldn't have just told everybody that.
Bam, that came, proved that I want anything they can.
That was like 12 years ago.
They didn't have records back then. No, I don't think so. I hope not. No,
ain't nobody gonna watch this. Nobody's.
Watching this. This is nobody's gonna watch it.
So after that I literally lived off that nine grand for about the rest of the
summer. And uh, I ended up moving to San Diego after that.
Like I'm skipping some stuff,
but I moved to San Diego and that's when my life changed because I lived in San
Diego and was just partying. What brought you to San Diego?
I met a guy in Vegas during the night of the Floyd Mayweather fight and just
party with them that night.
And I just got his phone number one time and then I was just staying in touch
with them or whatever. And then he was like, I live in San Diego,
he's in the Navy, Dr. Bill. And I literally said,
let me come out there one weekend. I was like,
let me just come out there and kick it with you or whatever.
Cause he was telling me how great San Diego was. And um, I went out there and I,
I didn't leave for four years. San Diego is pretty awesome. I love San Diego,
but I essentially was doing the same thing I was doing for the past couple of
years. Lost. Cause you gotta understand like athletes go through this now.
Like I just did. I just released the episode with Ryan Bader on my channel.
And I talked to him about that. Like when your sports career has done,
a lot of people go to something else they lost and things like that.
And I was for about four or five years and it wasn't until I
lived in San Diego that I figured I was like, man,
I got to really do something with my life. I'm literally a failure. I got,
I have a college degree. I graduated from college. So it wasn't like,
I just didn't want that responsibility of having to do a nine to five and things
like that. So it wasn't until I live in San Diego that I,
I literally talked to the God that I was living with him. I was like, bro,
I don't know what I'm going to do on my life, bro.
But I got to figure something out. I was like near in 30 and um,
I ended up moving to Minneapolis,
back to Minneapolis and I got a job as a teacher out like a teacher's assistant.
They called it behavior assistant. I was like working with kindergarten kids.
Jesus literally crazy life. Right?
What a crazy life end up where I'm at now to be on Joe Rogan. Right?
So it was March 3rd to 2011. Um,
it was like negative 20 degrees outside. I was living with my guy,
my best friend. And um,
I went to work that day and it was freezing outside and they literally still
went to recess that day. I'll never forget that. Oh,
put your coats and gloves on kids. It's time to go to, to recess.
And I was like, what do you mean? We going into gym or outside? It was like,
we're going outside. I was like, man, these people in Minnesota, crazy.
Hard. Those are hard people, bro.
That was the last day I ever worked in my life. He said, this. I can't do it,
man. I was like Brooklyn outside of that, whether.
It was just the fact that I was like, what am I doing with my life?
I'm working with Kenny, the great rewarding job. I'm like what?
It's nothing wrong with me. I'm physically able to do anything.
I'm intelligent enough to do anything. I'm qualified enough to do anything.
No victim.
Of circumstances just kept happening.
Things kept happening. Um, and a lot of it is my fault because you just lazy.
Right? So March 3rd, 2011 is the day I said,
I'm quitting my job. I went back to my apartment with my roommate. He was.
He was like, bro, you always quit and jobs. And he was like, bro,
what you going to do? I was like, bro, I'm fin to figure something out.
I'm going to buy a camera or do something. He was like, yeah, yeah, whatever.
And,
and we literally was sitting in the kitchen in his little kitchen on the floor
talking about life. Cause I would just tell, I literally mentally broke.
I was like, bro, I'm just jacked. Like I got to figure something out.
I had Pell grant was coming up. I was getting my,
my tax returns back and I had enough to buy a camera.
And the first camera I ever bought was a Canon T two. I,
it was like $800 and I bought a lens and that was it. That was it.
It changed my life.
And I literally spent like the next year shooting videos in garages,
like cars coming up, filming the wheels.
And I was just really literally honing myself because back then I had a camera
in college, digital cameras weren't even out until 2008,
like these little new style cameras. So I had to relearn everything. And I,
I really learned a lot from YouTube and Vimeo and I was watching the,
I had a creative eye and a mindset. So I was just like,
I gotta get the skillset. So I started doing rap videos for $50,
a hundred dollars free. You know, I tell all these kids,
they messaged me now like bro, I spent two years doing videos for free.
Just trying to learn how to do this stuff.
Everybody want to get paid for something. And I'm like,
you probably don't deserve to get paid yet. So I,
I had friends shout out to Matt Irv, Mr. Organic.
Like I was shooting a videos for free and I was just getting better.
I was getting better and better and better and better.
And then like three years into it,
I shot a music video called Saks fifth avenue. And um,
so you're editing these as well. I'm editing them, doing them audio editing on,
uh, at the time I was editing on Sony Vegas. Um, uh, uh,
old program now is, is, is it's popular now. It's, it's,
it's pretty easy to use. And um,
it was cheap to buy like 90 bucks. So I was able to use that, um,
like the movie studio version, it was, you don't get all the little tools,
but you got enough.
And I had this cheap laptop that this girl bought me. Uh,
she lied and told me she was gonna buy me a camera and it ended up buying me a
laptop. I was off and she was like, listen,
like the most popular candidate, a camera back in like 2011.
It was like a Canon five D mark two. It was like $2,000.
I couldn't afford that. So I met this girl online,
literally from Denver, Colorado, from Denver, Colorado. And you know,
you start your little love affair or whatever you talking and you promising and
I want to see you. So one day she was like, I'm gonna come see you in Minnesota.
This is around the time I started. And uh,
she told me she was going to buy me that camera. Cause I was telling her,
I was like my dream camera, my dream camera. And I remember my roommate, uh,
like, ah, running his room, like, look, bro,
look at his short film that was shot with this camera. I'm finna had his camera,
bro. We finna do all types of things.
So she like kept telling me she had the camera kept telling me how to camera.
So like the day she came, I picked her up. I had this little use 9,
19 92 for tourists. It was blue. And um, I picked her up the airport.
I remember I was like.
Where are you? Kimra soon. As.
Soon as soon as he picked me up, when he came here, she was like, don't worry,
don't worry. Don't worry. And I'm like driving, thinking like, man,
she ain't got this camera. She lied to me. She just wanted to see me. Right.
So we get to my apartment and my boy, he anticipating it too. He like, man,
he going to get this camp. We finished shoot all our music videos. Right.
Cause if you get this camera at this time, you, oh you shoot new at a five D.
So I remember she like pulled. She was like, here's a gift. It's like,
she pulled out the gift and I'm like, this ain't no camera box.
It was a brand new laptop. And I'm sitting here complaining,
I'm complaining about a laptop and I already have a camera,
but she like gave me this laptop. And I was just like, all right, cool.
So she gave me the laptop and I, I get the Sony Vegas program.
And then I started editing with that and I had that camera for about two years.
I've sent a girl.
I don't know. There's a lot of that in my life. And I don't.
Blame them. Girls listen, man. Yeah. I used to be one of those guys, you know,
dumb, dumb girls,
this materialistic and they all about nice things and they liked to travel or
you ever dated a girl and you like see her previous boyfriend and they'd be
like,
they don't want to like Napa valley and Vegas for her birthday or
New York. And you're like, I can't even take you to the movies. I'm like.
So for me, if a girl get tired of you, now they call it ghosting.
Right. They call it ghosting. But back then ghosting that's what ghosting was.
It was like, ah, this guy ain't worth nothing. Let me get rid of him.
So she left.
She left.
I had a summer job. Yes.
Ever official job was at 43 hoops in Minnesota was a basketball academy where I
was there with a lot of pro basketball players or semi-pro or guys that had
college experience. And we just taught kids all the time. And um,
I was getting paid, you know, $20 an hour,
$25 an hour per session to teach kids.
And I kind of made a ruckus there to complaining about just bro,
we teach in 20 kids and I'm only getting $20. How much are y'all getting fall,
these kids. Right. But I mean, that's just work, right?
I shouldn't complain about a job, but that whole summer,
I was just telling everybody in there, I'm going to do film.
I'm moving back to California. I'm about to just do film about to do film.
Cause I had enough, like I was doing videos at that point,
but now I have a part-time job and I'm able to do videos and I never forget.
One day I was telling a group of guys in there I'm quitting his job and I'm
going to go do film. And I just remember the look on their face. Like, you know,
like the boy that cried Wolf, I get whatever man,
you ain't going to do anything. But that drove me insane. Joe doubt,
doubt drove me. People doubted me. That's what I needed.
I needed that fuel where people could tell me I couldn't do anything haters.
I needed haters.